Yes it started now I guess it's the master of ceremony free
Style stupid newcomer
The comment of the ready phi is a person as a series of the north 1 major web b series
I'm doing like it, but it's a bit messy mc battle 's
It goes beyond asking to continue a little bit of related personalities
If this is over 8 pre- download talks etc
Not to do a little by the fact that there has been a port Motomachi Toka it needs after something Gurumeiru
Kana
I ca n't understand if I give it every day, but I can talk while I can talk every day if it comes
It 's not a comparison, but I'm thinking of doing it like that
Although I am
The army got to know me Morgan and came to New Year's Eve last year
During a major cleanup 2014 out it has been stuck on tracks popular in OtotoSusumu of America
Blooming varieties say Rutte put the
I was free
E'it to even ask them to participate in new luxury one song
I am allowed to get along well by that
It's really difficult to deal with concealed kun, but I still have eyes of that rap hero
While pot Yeah yeah, of course I got was like completely the loose character to me red ginseng basis
There is also a part that I respect as a rapper, but what
I feel that I have a part like rice characters or loose characters.
In it and does not have the honest album anyway sheet Well to Nakundako Te Etchon'
Song it's a well without that not so much
But there are many things involved as a person
I come to the event in Sapporo, Hokkaido every year, but without the new compilation it does the mc battle
As a human large sink taker, who won Te
It's interesting to say that if you beat Kushidaira, there will be more food tickets
It is doing still 23 times I Toka surface
It fits the web br every time and is called atomergy
Tteyuu competent the mc us to collect the sound source is mc floor plan is doing is Shinpei thickness child
Guy Please battle mc and the qb I respectively vol 2 I'd have to
the past is filled with mechanical people as people know what and or I am allowed to participate with that mkd
As great as
A great favorite as a place to say is as being erased anymore
So apart from consecutive pitching is there, but say it's kinda why I like but I do not like such
Say so even to get to participate in the Matsuno Re Jack Lee
There is also I mean part sake cup is Tsu Na Once done with another song new content
Cedar s 4 k perhaps many wonder if I wrote I No. 1 Kke good berth without teak in in
I think I 'm thinking about the song, but I bought a story for a moment
But I feel like that's why I hope my desire is exhausted
After all, at the same time but it is I think that there is a part I mean Tsu fan the
If you don't have the same sense or rivalry, you think it's no good
is
Boo boo sa pati pepa kun is nice and cute
For So I think Boo Boo is next week this heart rate seen go Niño today master
was there was a fool Schumpeter has been ceremony in
Hmm